# 👁 Regulation

* Each player has to throw a card of the color being played or a number equal to the one just thrown by the preceding player, even if it is a different color. 
* The special "Draw Two" (+2) cards can be thrown if it is the color being played (say, green). The next player must take 2 cards from the deck when the "Draw two" card is thrown. 
* The first player must take two cards from the deck and then discard one of the same color If the first card turned over is a "Draw Two" card when the game starts,  
* The special "U turn" cards can be thrown when the turn has the color that is being played (suppose that red comes, we throw a red "U turn" card and the player who had played before ours plays again). You can also throw a return card against another return card that has been dealt to the player. 
* It's good to know that the game will deal counterclockwise (instead of the normal clockwise round) if the giver throws a return card as a flipped card. 
* The special blocking or "Lose your Turn" cards, can only be played against a card of the same color and indicates that the partner that follows the player will lose a turn and the turn will go to the next competitor. 
* The four special Jolly "Color Change" cards are the only ones that can be played no matter what color they played and even if one has other cards of the color being played. Let's suppose the previous player throws a green 9 and we have a green 4 in hand. We are not required to roll that green four since "Color Change" is a jolly and can be rolled against any card. And if it is thrown, you must choose the color that will be played afterwards. 
* The 4 special "Color Change  and Draw Four" (+4) cards are the big stars of the game, the ones that often define the game. Precisely because they change the color of the round to the one we need and it also forces the next player to draw four cards from the deck. 
* A +2 card cannot be played with another +2.
* The only case in which the card is put back into the deck and shuffled again on game start is when the first card turned over is a +4. 
* The game does not start with a +4 turned over, although it does with the other special cards: +2, "Lose your Turn", "U-turn" and "Color Change" Jolly. But the Color Change +4 card has, among all its powerful advantages, one against that can be used by its rivals. Although it is a "change of color" type fo card, we cannot throw it if we have in our hands another card of the same color that is being thrown. Let's suppose the opponent throws us a yellow 5 and we have a yellow 7 (which nobody knows of, yet): we would not have to roll the +4 color change unless we decide to take the risk and lie to the other rivals. But the partner who is still in the game and who must take four cards from the deck may suspect that we are cheating and claim the lie. How is it solved? The player who rolled the +4 must show their cards. If they had another card of the yellow color (according to the example given before) in that case, whoever rolled the +4 takes all four cards from the deck. Now, if they did not have another yellow card, the player who made the challenge takes the four cards from the deck plus two more cards for not having guessed it correctly. 
* The game flows because a card must be taken from the deck every time a player does not have a card of the color or number drawn (or a jolly). And so on. A player is only released from taking the card from the deck if they have something of the same color or a jolly to show. The one who runs out of cards wins the hand or round, but only if they press the "** $CONE**" button when one card is remaining on their hand. The teammates will claim it a lile and must take a penalty card from the deck, otherwise. 

The game is won by the one who completely freed themselves of cards from their hand.
